$Id$

reminders:
(o) don't recompile things - do it once and only call the
    display lists if they are enabled
(o) add more info to the status panel
(o) clean up includes in files that do not need them

3. default the logid goto user input buffer to selnode
8. add a fatal() function that is a wrapper over err() that breaks from
  the DB, or register an atexit() to drop db conn
10. random flyby/cycle focus jobs
15. try #define __inline to see if it does anything
25. 'r' prefix keybinding to enable rebuild flags
29. poll data files for when to refresh instead of blind refresh
30. when jobs are reallocate, fill alpha is reset
33. remove some globals
34. function to do rebuild option diffs
38. window resize/initialization bugs
39. be more intelligent about swapping between frustums in drawing
    stereo scenes (don't flip twice, just flip back and forth)
41. move sticky to pinfo for persistence
42. barrel is messed up when lz changes
43. think about making a new header file (split up mon.h)
45. divide color wheel among all modes (free/down/disabled/etc)
    and probably keep these the same always
46. compile selection objects into display lists
48. move the id into ohp instead of maintaing separate vars
49. kill callback system and replace with glutTimerFunc
50. (server mode) use overlay display cleanup of damaged glut win in
    generated screenshots
51. kill nselnodes (if SLIST_EMPTY())
52. cache the current selected stuff to check for short circuiting --
    if it follows the cursor, this should save on small movements
53. find some way to alloc wi sel steps once
54. in wione, draw the cube outer planes first, then inner, so gl
    tries to optimize
55. handle SIGPIPES in server and client modes
56. datasrc refresh code checks if the file is diff, so maybe the
    cronjob should check too?
57. dsc chdir to avoid races
58. SKEL for physvmode
59. panel timestamp reflects sid
60. sigcatch USR1 and datasrc and pkill in cron
61. fix textures/gl in stereo
62. yod
63. stereo selection mode
64. make job searching bsearch again, since it is sorted
65. rename hl_jstate to something that is nstate (global node state,
    independent of jstate)
66. show other things in the queue (other pbs queues)
